What is It About
================
This is a single web page that retrieves data from  
a json file on the server, parses that data to  
products and displays them in two tabs or views:  
* a list view,
* a thumb view.

A titbit of this web page is that it uses `RequireJS` (Asynchrounous Module Definition or `AMD` implementation) to load all the client side JavaScript.


The Story
=========
This page started as solution to a test task from one
company. The task required to use dependency injection,  
so I've stuck to the AMD model.


How to Launch
=============

Open 'Site' folder and launch http server there.  
F.e., you can do it with python 3 with command:  
`python3 -m http.server`  
, which opens http server on port 8000.  
After that open 'localhost:8000' in a browser.


Issues
======

Issue #1  
Title: Absence of Garbage Collection for Event Handlers  
Type: Bug  
Status: Open.  
Description:  
While rendering some ViewComponents attach handlers to
reactive DataSources. When component is no longer used
and destroyed by the GC event handlers on data sources
must be unbound to preclude memory leaks.

Issue #2  
Title: Add ViewComponent Factory  
Type: Enhancement  
Status: Open.  
Description:  
Multiple ViewComponents of one class can be present on
a page. So returning instances from AMDs isn't desirable,
instead classes with fixed arguments like tamplate,
styles and behaviour should be returnd. Such classes
could be generated by a class factory implemented
somewhere in Commons.

Issue #3  
Title: CamelCase Is Used for Non-OOP Names  
Type: Enhancement  
Status: Wont fix.  
Description:  
CamelCase is currently used for names everywhere
where possible even when OOP techniques are not engaged.
Underscore_case can by applied for non-OOP code.

Issue #4  
Title: Reveal module ungraceful window hiding  
Type: Bug  
Status: Open  
Description:  
Reveal module hides pop-up windows via 'visibility="hidden"' in 'reveal.css'
so these windows take place on the page even if thay are not viewed.
This may cause scroll bar to appear when it is useless.

Issue #5  
Title: Undesirable window scrolling while triggering tabs (uses link jumping technique)  
Type: Bug  
Status: Open  
Description:  
When scroll bar is used to scroll the page, tabs triggering cause undesirable window
jumps. Triggering mustn't hide tabs bar.


ToDo
====

Data Sources
------------

* Check malformed data filter

Controllers
-----------

* Add routing.

